
Notes
=====

- 5/31
	- add a more robust joHTML class which has an onclick handler that sends
	  the target of each click made (image, link, otherwise). May be very
	  useful witch custom controls.

	- joList needs a lot of sprucing up before I turn it into joMenu and other
	  listish controls
	
	- make everything derive from joContainer? interesting
	
- 6/1
	- joList is working, but needs: smart rendering for long lists, 

	- need to add joGroup for grouping controls (basically a tag wrapper for
	  joContainer??)

	- joScroller needs attention -- haven't tested since refactoring from Grrok

	- Deriving from joContainer, maybe not -- nice to have a simpler base class
	
	- need to add joMenu, which is a very simple joList that has a built-in
	  `formatItem()` convenience method and an expected data format (probably
	  an array of objects with `title` and `id` properties. The `selectEvent`
	  just fires with the `id` of the selected menu item when pressed. Simple.
	
	- need to add joCheckbox and joToggle (are they the same control?)
	
	- joSelect will be interesting, because it should have a mini-scroller
	  control in a popup. Need to add some interesting logic to the mouse event
	  system to automatically unpop the popup if the user taps outside of it.

	- library is still under 5K minified and gzipped, not too shabby!
	
	- need to add joFile and joFileSource
	
	- very little is left to do before making the first proper sample app,
	  which will be a pretty front-end for the joDoc. nice nice.

- 6/2
	- joMenu added, simple stuff
	
	- joPreference is getting too complex; need to make it much much simpler
	
	- got 1st cut of joGesture done; not 100% happy with it yet (just doing
	  keyboard handling for now). Using ALT enter and ALT esc are not working
	  too well when input fields have focus (duh). Needs more work.
	
	- added applyCSS() and loadCSS() methods to joDOM, interesting, but not
	  totally sure I like those in the library. Will leave for now. One
	  interesting benefit is more control over when heavier CSS files are
	  loaded, so initial view time for an app could be shortened. Also, it
	  removes the need to put CSS links in the index.html (maybe).
	
	- got joSound ported over from the Grrok framework; works pretty much as-is.

