joDoc
=====

joDoc is a markup-based code documentation scheme for JavaScript. It was created out of
frustration working with various documentation systems currently available.

JavaScript is an extremely expressive language which is often difficult to describe in
terms of meta data and fields. Often, important information that needs to be documented
just doesn't fit into a neat, tidy spot.


Source code formatting
----------------------

	/**
		myClass
		=======
		
		This is my class. It rocks, and this is its _description_, which also
		rocks.
		
		Extends
		-------
		- someOtherClass
		
		Methods
		-------
		- setName(name)
		  Where `name` is a `String`.
		
		Use
		---
			// here is some sample code which shows how to use this class
			var x = new myClass(name);
		
		> Note: use of the `name` reserved word is probaly a bad idea.
	*/

Comment placement
-----------------

You can put your comments for your code either:

1. in your source code (anywhere and in as many pieces as you want) denoted with
   `/**  ... */` multiline-comment blocks

2. separate markdown (`*.mdown`) files, probably (tho not necessarily) named to
   match your JavaScript files

Can't get much more flexible than that.

Comparison
----------

### jsdoc

jsdoc in its various incarnations and some of its spawn like yuidoc take that approach
that "what was good for Java is fine for JavaScript". All these flavors are based on
javadoc formatting, and have been in use for some years.

Aside from the regimented markup being a bit odd to read (admit it, even Java developers
don't _love_ it), it suffers from an inflexibility with regard to all the coding
patterns available with JavaScript. Basically, it fails due to the same reason that all
the JavaScript OOP libraries which attempt to make a classical OOP model (i.e. Java)
abstraction on top of JavaScript's natural way of doing things. These solutions, while
influential in the idea that _some_ form consistent coding approach could help us make
better code, have been left behind as unnecessary.

Why then do so many developers continue to use a documentation tool which was born of the
same well-meaning yet mismatched logic?

###Natural Docs

Excellent effort, but complex to setup and also tries to make a regimented system for
documenting source code. It is extendable, but again, we have a documentation solution
which is trying to force JavaScript into a more limited set of features.

Process
-------

For those who want more insight into how the documentation is created:

	for each markdown file in your project,
		convert to an HTML file
	
	for each source file,
		produce a markdown file from all text between `/**` and `*/` comments
		convert the markdown file into an HTML file
	
	for each HTML file,
		for each `h1` tag,
			add an `id` field based on the contents of the `h1` tag
			add contents to a `file.html#id` keyword index
	
	for each HTML file,
		for each keyword in our index,
			intelligently wrap the keyword with an `a` tag
			that points to the `file.html#id` from our keyword index
	
	produce an index:
		sort the keyword index
		save the keyword index as an HTML file
		save the keyword index as a JSON file

	produce a table of contents:
		build sections based on directory names
		retain sorted directory order
		save as a JSON file
		save as a formatted HTML file

	concat all html files into one document:
		structure:
			header
			table of contents
			contents from all html files, in order
			sorted keyword index
			footer
		convert all fixed paths to local references:
			(e.g. `filename.html#about` becomes simply `#about`)

This produces a bundle of files which can be used a couple of ways:

1. a loose set of files which is used by the joDoc application (written
   using the jo library, of course)

2. an alternative "single page" view of all the documentation (which some
   people really like)

3. Your own collection of files with some other organization means (which
   is trivial to do with pre-rendered HTML and the JSON document
   structure).

- - -
