
Quick Start
===========

index.html
----------

Jo needs at least a simple HTML file to operate in. Here is a bare-bones example:

	<!DOCTYPE html>
	<html>
	<head>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/flattery/jo-flattery.css">
	</head>
	<body>

		<!-- any static page content goes here -->

		<!-- load jo library -->
		<script src="jo_min.js"></script>

		<!-- any application JavaScript files go here -->
		<script src="hello.js"></script>

	</body>
	</html>

If you're using Jo to create all the UI for your application, you won't need *any* content
or tags in your `index.html` file.

Since the framework is highly dependent on CSS, your mileage may vary across platforms. In
particular, Internet Explorer before 9 will have limited eye candy and no animated
transitions.

You can also completely skin your app with your own CSS, or augment the basic jo CSS to suit
your purposes.

Since Jo is geared for HTML5 applications, I recommend you develop and test
your apps with Safari or Chrome before moving to mobile devices. In fact, this
makes the code/test/debug cycle go very quickly.

hello.js
--------

Jo has some initialization which should only be done when your browser is ready to have its
DOM fiddled with, so you may want to wrap your code in a function that's called when your
page loads, or your device signals that your app is ready to go.

The simplest UI would be something like:

	// initialize jo
	jo.load();

	// define a wrapper for document.body
	var scn = new joScreen();

	// setup your UI
	scn.alert("Hello, Jo!", "This is a simple alert.");

Something more interesting would look like:

	// initialize jo
	jo.load();
	
	// create our view card, notice we're nesting widgets inline
	var card = new joCard([
		new joTitle("Hello"),
		new joCaption("Hello World!"),
		new joDivider(),
		new joButton("OK").selectEvent.subscribe(function() {
			stack.hide();
		})
	]);
	
	// setup our stack and screen
	var stack = new joStack();
	var screen = new joScreen(stack);
	
	// put the card on our view stack
	stack.push(card);

Note above that Jo supports "chaining", meaning you can make successive calls
inline to a given object (see the joButton line above for an example).
You can go a little crazy with the chaining if you prefer:

	var screen, stack, card;

	// initialize jo
	jo.load();

	// create our UI
	screen = new joScreen(
		stack = new joStack().push(
			card = new joCard([
				new joTitle("Hello"),
				new joCaption("Hello World!"),
				new joDivider(),
				new joButton("OK").selectEvent.subscribe(function() {
					stack.hide();
				})
			])
		)
	);

Notice we're only saving references to widgets that our app needs for later, and this
nested layout conveys your app's UI tree nicely. See joContainer, joCache, and joStack
for some more interesting examples. And of course, check out the samples directory
in your Jo folder or in the git repo.

It is recommended you use more robust OOP coding patterns to make a proper
application. While there's nothing illegal about putting everything in global space
in a single JavaScript file, but if you're looking to build something big or more easy
to maintain, I recommend you check out "JavaScript: the Good Parts" by Doug Crockford
(O'Reilly Press).

